Update DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md (#83)
opensearch-project/opensearch-sdk: DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

./gradlew clean build test
```

> ## Run Tar file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generate Artifact
```

```

> tar -xvf opensearch-sdk-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.tar

Reviewer 2: I would suggest adding information on what command to run to build the tarball and also which directory to navigate to in order to find it. We want the details of this guide to be as granular as possible.

Reviewer 3: +1
Also the tar file straight away doesn't run because it needs `extensions.yml` under a specific directory. Lets add all the information.

Author: done

./gradlew clean build test
```

## Generate Artifact

> In opensearch-sdk navigate /build and look for distributions folder. If it is present than check for tar file in it. If it is not present then follow below step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In opensearch-sdk navigate to build/distributions. Look for tar ball in the form `opensearch-sdk-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.tar`. If not found follow the below steps to create one:
```

```
./gradlew clean
./gradlew check

> ./gradlew build

Reviewer: `check` and `build` does the same for SDK. 

```
./gradlew clean && ./gradlew build
```
instead of the above

```

> Then navigate to /src/test/resources and check if extension.yml file is there. If not then create it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a tar ball is generated navigate to /src/test/resources and look for extension.yml. Create one if not present
```

> Then check for tar in /build/distributions. To run the artifact i.e. tar file, run command mentioned below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look for tar ball in /build/distributions. To run the artifact i.e. tar ball, run the below command
```

./gradlew clean build test
```

## Generate Artifact

> In opensearch-sdk navigate /build and look for distributions folder. If it is present than check for tar file in it. If it is not present then follow below step.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be better to provide the path. i.e. `build/distributions/opensearch-sdk-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.tar`
